Datagrid: add description for the controlled editing api (#1373)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/GridBase/1 Configuration/editing/changes.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> An array of objects with edited rows' data.

Reviewer: May be change it to `An array of objects with unsaved rows' changes`. it is important that this array is cleared after saving. Also It is not array of rows' data objects. It is array of "change" objects.

Also, can we add some additional information about use cases and specifics?
For example, if data is not modified that changes array is empty. So, user can use binding to `changes.length > 0` instead of calling hasEditData method.
Only in batch editing mode changes array length can be greater than 1. In all other editing modes changes array is empty or contains only one item.
This option can be used to read current changes. The onOptionChanged handler or bindings can be used for that. 
DataGrid always assign new instance of this option during editing. So, DataGrid changes this option immutably. User can determinate last change by comparing instances of change objects in e.previousValue and e,value parameters of the onOptionChanged event handler.
User can process and modify changes in the onOptionChanged event handler.

Also user can add (except type "insert"), modify and remove change objects from this option and reassign it after that.

Reviewer: Also it will be useful to add link to demo https://github.com/DevExpress/devextreme-demos/tree/20_2/JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/StateManagement
```
#include common-demobutton with {
    url: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/StateManegment/"
}
```

---

#include common-ctp-note with {

>     component: "HtmlEditor"

Reviewer: Why HtmlEditor is here?

}

Since the changes option is currently marked as CTP, the only way to add an object of type *"insert"* is thru the interface and with the [addRow](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Methods/#addRow) method.

Each object consists of the following fields:

* **type**         
The type of operation: "insert", "update", or "remove".

* **data**          
The row's inserted or updated data fields. This field is used when the operation type is "insert" or "update".

* **key**              

> The value of row's key as specified in the keyExpr option.

Reviewer: keyExpr is used only if dataSource is array. In the other cases key is specified in the store config.

---
---
##### shortDescription
[tags] ctp

Pending row changes.

---

#include common-ctp-note-wo-devextreme 

Each change is an object that can have the following fields:

* `type`: String                 
Data change type: *"insert"*, *"update"*, or *"remove"*.

* `data`: Object             
An object with updated row fields.

* `key`: any                     
The key of the row being updated or removed.

> The **changes** array can be changed from the UI, with native JavaScript methods, or with widget methods ([addRow]({basewidgetpath}/Methods/#addRow), [editRow]({basewidgetpath}/Methods/#editRowrowIndex), [editCell]({basewidgetpath}/Methods/#editCellrowIndex_dataField), [deleteRow]({basewidgetpath}/Methods/#deleteRowrowIndex)). However, objects of type *"insert"* cannot be added with native JavaScript methods. We plan to add this functionality in future releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **changes** array can be changed from the UI, with native JavaScript methods, or with widget methods ([addRow]({basewidgetpath}/Methods/#addRow), [editRow]({basewidgetpath}/Methods/#editRowrowIndex), [editCell]({basewidgetpath}/Methods/#editCellrowIndex_dataField), [deleteRow]({basewidgetpath}/Methods/#deleteRowrowIndex)). However, *"insert"* object types cannot be added with native JavaScript methods. We plan to add this functionality in future releases.
```

Author: @arminal 
'insert object types' is incorrect.  If 'objects of type insert' is unacceptable, can it be "objects with type 'insert'"?
